Update dlp-conditions-and-exceptions.md (#12013)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-conditions-and-exceptions.md

|condition or exception in DLP|condition/exception parameters in Security & Compliance PowerShell|property type|description|
|---|---|---|---|

> |Attachment is password protected|condition: *DocumentIsPasswordProtected* <br/><br/> exception: *ExceptIfDocumentIsPasswordProtected*|none|Messages where an attachment is password protected (and therefore can't be scanned). Password detection works for Office documents, archive documents (.zip, .7z, .rar, .tar etc.) and .pdf files.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Attachment is password protected|condition: *DocumentIsPasswordProtected* <br/><br/> exception: *ExceptIfDocumentIsPasswordProtected*|none|Messages where an attachment is password protected (and therefore can't be scanned). Password detection works for Office documents, archive documents (such as .zip, .7z, .rar, and .tar files), and .pdf files.|
```
